hi and this is mm-hm Musa doing a review
of our Battle Damage spider-man and
Sandman now I'm going to talk about
something now I really like spider-man
because he's my type of superhero in
Marvel so I think that's it there's no
comment about Sandman now I give
spider-man
five or five he's perfect nothing
nothing nothing like damage or something
well of course this suit or something
that but the problem is I can't open the
mask that's why so I think it's hard to
open if you have this or some of you or
most of you know how so so do a comment
there below so tell me how so I can see
his face okay thanks now for Sandman
Sandman I really thought that he had
extra more extra arms too so he can walk
around but so that's why I want this but
it's actually like this only so if you
want to buy this you only have this kind
of model okay well give it 3 over 5
it can't move your knee can move like
this and the arms you can only do this
and that of course your head
yeah body huh hair this way I give it G
over 2 and then 3 over 5
wow this is just a short interview I'm a
review so have fun if you have this see
you next time bye